feat: Add async REST scan planning poll and plan storage credentials (#3724)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/configuration.md

| snapshot-loading-mode | refs                           | The snapshots to return in the body of the metadata. Setting the value to `all` would return the full set of snapshots currently valid for the table. Setting the value to `refs` would load all snapshots referenced by branches or tags. |
| `header.X-Iceberg-Access-Delegation` | `vended-credentials` | Signal to the server that the client supports delegated access via a comma-separated list of access mechanisms. The server may choose to supply access via any or none of the requested mechanisms. When using `vended-credentials`, the server provides temporary credentials to the client. When using `remote-signing`, the server signs requests on behalf of the client. (default: `vended-credentials`) |
| view-endpoints-supported | false                           | For backwards compatibility with older REST servers. Set to `true` if the server supports view endpoints but doesn't send the `endpoints` field in the ConfigResponse. |

> | scan-planning-mode | client | When set to `server`, and the catalog advertises the plan-table-scan endpoint, `table.scan()` uses REST server-side scan planning. Async plans (`status=submitted`) are polled via `GET .../plan/{plan-id}` until completion. |

Reviewer: this is something loadTable return too, in case the server wants to ask client for server side scan planning ...

Author: Hey, after checking a bit in the codebase it looks like `supports_server_side_planning()` only reads catalog properties (client + `/v1/config` endpoint). LoadTable config is applied to table/FileIO, not that check — so I documented `/v1/config` in the string above, not loadTable.

If I misunderstood, feel free to suggest a different text for this part. Otherwise, just resolve the comment :)

Reviewer: That makes sense, but i think we should also add support for respecting the LoadTableResponse config override, because it may happen that a server just wants to support scan planning only for certain tables and not blanket make all tables do remote scan planning

Author: Yes — for my earlier testing I was setting `scan-planning-mode=server` as a catalog-wide client property.

Your proposal makes more sense, so I've updated the PR to honor `scan-planning-mode` from `LoadTableResponse.config`, with the table override taking precedence over the catalog-level setting (matching Java).

I also re-tested from client code with the catalog-wide property unset, relying only on the `loadTable` configs. That is much simpler from a user perspective, and it worked well when reading a mix of protected and unprotected tables from the same catalog in one session — I verified the client followed the plan choice returned by the server for both table types.

Author: If the new implementation looks OK for you, please resolve this comment and give it another review :)

> | scan-planning-mode | client | When set to `server`, and the catalog advertises the plan-table-scan endpoint, `table.scan()` uses REST server-side scan planning. May be set by the client, returned by the catalog via `GET /v1/config` defaults/overrides, or returned per table in the `config` of the `loadTable` response. The `loadTable` value takes precedence over the catalog-level value, which lets a server request server-side planning only for specific tables. Async plans (`status=submitted`) are polled via `GET .../plan/{plan-id}` until completion. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scan-planning-mode | client | When set to `server`, and the catalog advertises the plan-table-scan endpoint, `table.scan()` uses REST server-side scan planning. May be set by the client, returned by the catalog via `GET /v1/config` defaults/overrides, or returned per table in the `config` of the `loadTable` response. The `loadTable` value takes precedence over the catalog-level value, which lets a server request server-side planning only for specific tables. Async plans (`status=submitted`) are polled via `GET .../plan/{plan-id}` until terminal state (completed / failed / cancelled). |
```

Author: Done — updated to say polling continues until a terminal state (completed / failed / cancelled).

| rest-scan-planning.poll-timeout-ms | 300000 | Maximum time to wait for an async scan plan to complete before failing (default: 5 minutes). |

> When server-side planning returns `storage-credentials` on a completed plan, PyIceberg applies them to the scan-scoped FileIO (layered on top of the existing table/load-time IO properties) so planned data and delete files can be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When server-side planning returns `storage-credentials` on a completed plan, PyIceberg applies them to the scan-scoped FileIO (layered on top of the existing table/load-time IO properties) so planned data and delete files can be read using the creds vended by the server.
```

Author: Done — clarified that planned files are read using the creds vended by the server.
